---
layout: post
title: "Week :What is Fine-Tuning?"
---
## Goals
I have two goals this week: 
1. Audit the codebase for Session I to see that everything is working properly and make final adjustments.
2. Begin reading about LLM fine-tuning and the Differentiable Search Index (DSI) paper.
3. Choose a LLM and brains storm the training script.

## Approach/Implementation
I have written many python scripts that I run one at a time on the Knuth server, so I attempted to build a larger python pipeline script that runs everything for me.
The pipeline falled.

I've moved on from this idea and have manually checked that all the scripts work perfectly fine. I wrote a new text file called "Memory Map" that gives a brief description of each .py file and the order in which they will need to be run.
I use bash when needed for running code on the server. 

I had previously mentioned that I will not be matching any data manually. I decided to use TrialGPT from the paper "Matching patients to clinical trials with large language models" by Qiao Jin et al. for my training. I wanted my training to be centered on Female Heath, but that can be extended at a later time. 
The TrialGPT data files are amazing and make this work a lot easier on me. I've decided to use this set strictly for training and make augmentations concerning the Doc Ids. 
The current TrialGPT data usins naive atomic style Dod IDs with no semantic meaning asides from numbering each file.
I plan use what I've learned to construct semantically aware Doc IDs using BERT cosine similarity awareness and eligibility awarenes as my contribution.




# Results
I have found my research gap to close. I wull be using a Sequence to sequence model (T5) for my training. 
I will be crafting brainstorming my Doc IDs and once a few designs are constructed, I will begin training.




