---
layout: post
title: "Week 1: Proposal and Starting Project Research (May 4-10)"
---
Exams are finished. Research Begins.
Dr. Sun has been an amazing guide and resource even before starting this project. During the school year, I was able to get a copy of the proposal for this project and begain light reading and practicing my researching skills before May. 
It was well needed. I needed to figure out how I wanted to organize my files, writing, papers and my handwritten notes and get myself used to long hours in the lab verses the long hours I spend studying for classes.

It is a big shift and a different benchmark. I will be meeting with the rest of the team every Friday Morning in order to see the current stage of our research projects and bounce ideas off each other. 

The best thing about this is that I am able to practice public speaking and presenting my notes, concerns and findings. It has always been my biggest weakness and I get a chance to prepare in improve every week. Also the team and my labmates are wonderful individuals and Dr. Sun is easy-going and very approachable. Dr. Sun makes research easier for me. 

## What I did this week.
This week has been laid back. I have read the proposal and topic over and over again with some insight. I defined terms I didn't know and broke down the harder concepts. 
The most important topic was my research is in Generative Information Retrieval (GEN IR)
I read the big literary review on it called, "A Survey on Generative Information Retrieval." Everything and all questions, comments or concerns were addressed in this paper.

I also took the time to look for some Youtube Lectures on GEN IR and Traditional Information Retrieval.

## What I will do later

I plan on learning the Citrix Workspace, Knuth Server and ClinicalTrials.gov API so I can get familiar with my virtual toolbox for the summer.



